A NIGHT OF A POET 

 

Here, I have come... 

But where are you, my friend? 

Have you abandoned me just like others? 

Forgotten me and left me to my loneliness? 

Even, you did take them from me! 

The stars, yours and mine... 

Shiny old friends from the past! 

 

If you are listening to me, I am still here! 

Please do not cry while listening to me! 

I understand you... 

It is okay for me to live this, after others. 

 

Now go and be with the others, 

I won’t see my love’s pale face on you anymore! 

You and my love, you are far above me now! 

I’m afraid I will go back to Sun and make a deal with him. 

I am afraid my dear friend, we won’t see each other again. 

 

I am going now; I won’t sing today... 

The poet, the idiot, the miserable, won’t open up his mouth again... 

I can hear your cry my friend, 

Please do not waste your tears for me! 

I am just a poet, a lunatic! 

I deserve nothing! 

Even I can not see your brightness through the sky... 

I know you are there, praying for me. 

 

This poet, this lunatic; 

Goes to his cave now. 

He has no one, nothing to do; 

Because what is the point of being able to sing if you have no one to! 

 

This miserable, he can’t return to his village now. 

Because the only person who loves him left the village now. 

His blonde love with someone else now. 

His mother, well it’s been decade since she passed. 

His life has no meaning right now. 

 

A DAY OF A POET 

 

The lunatic, the miserable, the idiot; 

Didn't sleep that night, 

He ran around of his cave, 

Cried and cried 

Till he lost his body and felt asleep 

When he woke up, his body was burning; 

And there was a flash on his eyes. 

A rude voice came across to his eyes: 

“Well, what happened to you? Have you decided to come back?” 

Also, a laughter... 

His hands closed his own eyes. 

“Yes, I did.” 

A laughter came again: 

“What happened to the deal we made? What happened to your words about me?” 

He wasn’t powerful, powerful enough to survive from suffer... 

And suffer was his only friend now... 

“I’m sorry! Now, stop this! I have already lost everything.” 

God wasn’t with him, wasn’t he aware of this? 

“You have promised to Moon about you won’t speak again, what happened?” 

The miserable, realized everything and stood up again: 

“You do not deserve this!” 

These words made Sun angry again: 

“Maybe, but you have deserved this!” 

 He started to shine, shine through to space, shine through to universe 

The poet ran through to forest, there were trees as long as giants. 

Even Sun couldn’t reach there, nobody saw him again. 

Even his lover didn’t think about him again. 

Who would do favor for him except his mother? 

His mother had blue sea eyes and cotton white hairs. 

He talked with God to make this stop. 

God loved him even he didn’t love her son. 

“Everything is for you, I can even forgive your son just for you! My dear.” 

He stood up on his big legs. 

Even he was taller than the tallest giant. His looks could make demon fearful. 

He opened up his mouth and his angels came to listen his orders. 

Their heads bowed; they were listening to their father. 

As soon as he finished his words, they flew to Sun. 

They flew to Earth, they were crying. 

They were crying for the poet. 

They were crying for his mother. 

They were crying for their father. 

They said the words to Sun, then he stopped following the idiot. 

Nobody had seen him since that day... 

Nobody had talked about him since that day... 

Nobody had thought about him since that day... 

Because he was with his mother again... 

Because he was between his mother’s arms again. 
